Added docs link for Kerberos authentication with Iceberg connector (#19717)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.md

## Security

> ### Kerberos Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Kerberos authentication
```

> The Iceberg connector supports Kerberos authentication for Hive metastore and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Iceberg connector supports Kerberos authentication for the Hive metastore and
```

> HDFS and is configured using the same parameters as Hive connector. Please see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HDFS and is configured using the same parameters as Hive connector. Find more information in 
```

> the {doc}`/connector/hive-security` section for information on configuring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the {doc}`/connector/hive-security` section.
```

> Kerberos authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

(iceberg-authorization)=

> ### Authorization checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authorization
```

> The Iceberg connector allows you to choose one of several means of providing

Reviewer: Empty line after title
